[PL-43557] PL 1.16.6 release notes (#4580)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/platform.md

## December 2023

### Version 1.16.6

#### New features and enhancements

- Upgraded Janino to version 3.1.11. (PL-43320, ZD-54505)

- Upgraded `ch.qos.logback` from version 1.2.11 to 1.2.13. (PL-43260)

- Upgraded YamlBeans to version 1.17. (PL-42905, ZD-51149, ZD-53760, ZD-53919)

#### Fixed issues

- Execution links were not available in pipeline failure Slack notifications. (PL-42974, ZD-53195)

   This issue has been resolved. Now, in Slack notifications, the "Node status" keyword, such as "failed," is a hyperlink that provides direct access to the associated node execution URL.

- Added RBAC checks to the delegate list API. Now, only delegates for which users have permission are shown in the list on the Delegates page. (PL-42268, ZD-52174)

>   This item is available with Harness Platform version 819xx and does not require a new delegate version. For information about Harness Delegate features that require a specific delegate version, go to the [Delegate release notes](/release-notes/delegate).

Author: ```suggestion
  This item is available with Harness Platform version 1.16.6 and does not require a new delegate version. For information about Harness Delegate features that require a specific delegate version, go to the [Delegate release notes](/release-notes/delegate).
```
